### `Summary of all the things to consider`
---
---

# User Authentication

In the _`mern-tutorial`_ mini project, the user is able to authenticate i.e register, login. That is in the front-end.

### `register` 
The data the `user` requires to register is:
- User name
- Email
- Password
- Confirm password

In _`sellmern`_ the data required for the `user` to register is:
- fname
- email
- town
- password
>NB: Here's the `json` for that ðŸ‘‡ðŸ¾.

```js
{
   {
      name: {
         fname: { type: String, required: [true, 'please add your first name'] },
         lname: { type: String },
      },
      contacts: {
         email: { type: String, require: [ true, 'please add your email address' ], unique: true },
         phonenumber: { type: String },
      },
      location: {
         town: { type: String, require: [ true, 'please add the town' ]
         },
         street: { type: String },
         estate: { type: String },
         country: { type: String },
      },
      password: { type: String, required: [ true, 'please add a password' ]
      },
   },
   {
      timestamp: true
   }
}
```
#### _`Tasks`_
>Need to work on consuming the user authentication API. And check whether the email inserted is in `email` format. 
>			The user should be able to:
> - [ ] Register
> - [ ] Login
> - [ ] Read their user information 
> - [ ] Update their data
> - [ ] Delete/freeze their account 

---
---

<br>

# Products

After that, the user should be able to add their products.

### `Views/reading products`

The user should be able to have a view of the products they've added only in their profile.

They should also be able to see all products of the app on the store page.

#### _`CRUD`_

The user can also manipulate the products they've added only. These means:
- [ ] Create
- [ ] Read
- [ ] Update
- [ ] Delete

>NB: For now, delete any data permanently, to avoid filling the total storage in Mongodb database.

On completion, you can now do the same for the advertising section. In real life application, the clients should pay for promotion and advertisements to the owner of the company. 

Since we are not implementing any payment services yet. You can just allow the user to `CRUD` the data in this sector. The  caveat will be the product will delete itself in 3 days.

### `Product purchase`

Things to do:

- [ ] The user should be able to change the size and colour of the products. Such details should be stored in the cart page.

- User shouldn't be able to continue to the checkout page without loging in / registering. Use the login / registration concept here.

> NB: After you've done all these, you can work on product reviews 

### `Add to cart function`

Things to do:

- [ ] Make sure when the user adds a product to cart, their can do so

- [ ] Also they should be able to change the quality. This should change the total price plus VAT automatically.

- [ ] User should also be able to remove a product from the cart.

- [ ] If there's no product in the cart, display a button for continue shopping.

---
---

<br>

# Essential Extras

These are essential details to be done

### `images`

This is essential for users to see the visuals of the products and the user's profile picture.

In here, find a way to resize images. Compressing them is also important, to avoid overloading the database.

### `Pagination`

In the store page, to avoid long loading times, add a pagination feature

### `Filters`

You'll need to add a filtering feature, according to tags / categories. To make finding products easier

### `Search`

This is essential for finding products. Through typing on a search input section

### `Categories`

This will be to the left side of the store page. Products will be filtered according to tags / categories.

